1	Wooden Frame	A basic frame, the first and only one available during the days when the Cart was just invented.
2	Wooden Carbon Frame	An upgraded Wooden Frame that has increased stability and higher quality.
3	Colmandy Frame	A frame with improved durability with the addition of iron plates.
4	Colmanju Frame	An upgraded Colmandy Frame that demonstrates further advances in frame durability.
5	Sporty Frame	A frame designed by Anthony Motors which opened up the era of racing.
6	Sporty R Frame	The red version of the popular Cart Frame designed by Anthony Motors.
21	P.I.G. Frame	A rotund, portly frame that is blessed with pig's luck.
31	Wooden Stock Core	The first model that appeared when the theory of Castle Gear was initially realized.
32	Reinforced Stock Core	Upgraded model from the Wooden Stock Core.
33	Vajalak Core	
34	Kilenju Core	
35	Saintner Core	
101	First Engine	The very first engine designed for Cart use.
102	Second Engine	An improvement of the First Engine that provides more power.
103	Dural Engine	An engine built to emphasize structure and durability.
104	Chase Engine	An engine that emphasizes speed output.
105	Tricky Engine	An engine that emphasizes performance rather than speed.
106	Jet Engine	The greatest engine of this era.
121	P.I.G. Engine	An specially made P.I.G. Cart engine that seems to generate good fortune.
131	Fornef Engine	One of the first generators based on the rudimentary Mana Theory.
132	Sheft Engine	An improved version of the Fornef Engine.
133	Luxem Engine	A recently invented generator whose design is based on the latest studies on Mana generation.
201	Wooden Wheels	Wooden wheels that offer poor durability.
202	Carbon Wheels	Wooden wheels reinforced with carbon.
203	Rapid Wheels	Wheels that enable faster driving with rubber tires which provide better traction.
221	P.I.G. Wheels	Incredibly constructed P.I.G. Wheels endowed with the speed of the pig.
231	Stand Leg	An older type of Castle Gear leg that is barely capable of walking.
232	Runihol Leg	Castle Gear legs that are capable of movement, but aren't built efficiently enough for running.
233	Prime Leg	
301	Spare Tire B	
302	Small Rear Carrier	
303	Add On Chair	
311	Battle Machine Gun	An exclusive Cart weapon that rapidly fires bullets.
312	Battle Launcher	An exclusive Cart weapon that provides the advantage of long distance attack.
321	P.I.G Balloon	P.I.G. Cart accessory that might bring good luck. If it doesn't, then at least it looks cute.
331	Punch Arms	Basic Castle Gear weapon designed to punch.
332	Drill Arms	Extremely noisy arm weapons designed to drill holes in castles or into the ground.
333	Sword Wheel Arms	Arm weapons designed to raze castles or destroy huge trees.
334	Cannon Arms	Arm cannons designed for long distance attacks.
335	Spear Arms	Arm weapons that provide strong close range attacks with a spear, and defense with a shield.
401	Spike Wheel	Wheels equipped with spikes for offensive purposes.
402	Speed Wing	Aerodynamic Cart accessory that cuts through the wind at high speeds.
403	Wind Booster	Basic equipment for Mana Turbo Tuning that allows for enjoyable cruising.
404	Jet Booster	High quality booster for professional drivers who desire high speed.
405	Sun Roof	Protective covering that blocks the glare of the sun.
406	Coal Mine Moldie Sun Roof	A specially designed sunroof to meet the demand of Moldie fans around the world.
407	Coal Mine Moldie Sun Roof P	A specially designed sunroof to meet the demand of Moldie fans around the world.
421	Meister W Frame	A classic Cart body painted in a classy white color.
422	Meister R Frame	A classic Cart body painted in a regal red color.
423	Meister B Frame	A classic Cart body painted in an illustrious black color.
424	Meister Y Frame	A classic Cart body painted in a flamboyant yellow color.
425	Meister Pink Frame	A classic Cart body painted in a showy pink color.
451	Chaser Engine	A high grade engine designed for the Meister Cart Frame.
471	Meister Wheels	Classic, high grade wheels designed for the Meister Cart Frame.
600	Wooden Backseat	A simple backseat made of wood that might make your backside sore if you sit in it for too long.
601	Steel Backseat	A backseat made of steel with a downy cushion. It's actually quite comfortable.
700	Stone Hammer	Weapon Part for Soldier Carts. A mace combined with two stone hammers.
701	Doom Hammer	Weapon Part for Soldier Carts. No enemy can survive the impact from these two strong, iron hammers.
702	Battle Bow	Weapon Part for Hawker Carts. A powerful crossbow for Cart based battle.
703	Tarkion Bow	Weapon Part for Hawker Carts. A mighty bow endowed with the spirit of the Eagle.
704	Battle Katar	Weapon Part for Hawker Carts. Its blades specialize in chopping down enemies.
705	Battle Spear	Weapon Part for Hawker Carts. These powerful spears are capable of piercing enemies lined up in a row.
706	Battle Mirror	Weapon Part for Muse Carts. This mirror focuses Mana power for assaults launched from Carts.
707	Battle Crystal	Weapon Part for Muse Carts. This crystal amplifies Mana energy for assaults launched from Carts.
708	Battle Machine Gun	Weapon Part for Dealer Carts. Boasts stronger attack power than regular guns.
709	Battle Launcher	Weapon Part for Dealer Carts. A launcher that attacks enemies from a distance.
800	Experimental Stone Hammer	An inefficient and experimental Cart Weapon Part (Melee Combat Weapon) that has high fuel consumption and offers little offensive power.
801	Experimental Doom Hammer	Weapon Part for Soldier Carts. No enemy can survive the impact from these two strong, iron hammers.
802	Experimental Battle Bow	An inefficient and experimental Cart Weapon Part (Bow Weapon) that has high fuel consumption and offers little offensive power.
803	Experimental Tarkion Bow	Weapon Part for Hawker Carts. A mighty bow endowed with the spirit of the Eagle.
804	Experimental Battle Katar	An inefficient and experimental Cart Weapon Part (Combat Weapon) that has high fuel consumption and offers little offensive power.
805	Experimental Battle Spear	An inefficient and experimental Cart Weapon Part (Dual Wield Weapon) that has high fuel consumption and offers little offensive power.
806	Experimental Battle Mirror	An inefficient and experimental Cart Weapon Part (Magic Staff Weapon) that has high fuel consumption and offers little offensive power.
807	Experimental Battle Crystal	An inefficient and experimental Cart Weapon Part (Magic Tool Weapon) that has high fuel consumption and offers little offensive power.
808	Experimental Battle Machine Gun	An inefficient and experimental Cart Weapon Part (Gun Weapon) that has high fuel consumption and offers little offensive power.
809	Experimental Battle Launcher	An inefficient and experimental Cart Weapon Part ( Battle Launcher Weapon) that has high fuel consumption and offers little offensive power.
