1	Shining Ring	A shining ring that attracts people's attention and admiration.
2	Heavy Ring	A heavy ring that requires a little bit of strength to wear on your finger.
3	Faint Ring	A ring that does not clearly appear to the eyes at first.
4	Fine Ring	A thin ring that must be handled carefully.
5	Pierced Ring	A ring that has a hole in it, aside from the one you put your finger through.
6	Smooth Ring	A very smooth, polished looking ring.
7	Amulet Ring	A grotesque looking ring that is said to have some kind of effect when it is burned and its ashes are eaten…
8	Glass Ring	A ring made out of glass that looks very fragile.
9	Pointed Ring	A ring that is pointed at the top.
10	Solid Ring	A stout ring that looks indestructible.
11	Glamour Ring	A mysterious ring that is rumored to enhance its wearer's beauty.
12	Charming Ring	A beautifully crafted ring that attracts people with but a glance.
13	Talisman Ring	A magical ring that wards off evil.
14	Recovery Ring	A ring that aids its wearer in restoring HP faster.
15	Meditation Ring	A ring that aids its wearer in spiritual training.
16	Precision Ring	A ring that increases accuracy.
17	Alluring Ring	A ring that is rumored to work perfectly in seduction.
18	Fascinating Ring	A magically enhanced ring that is rumored to attract people.
19	Ring of Magic	A ring made from a magical stone that wards off evil from its wearer.
20	Lizard Ring	A ring made out of a lizard's tail.
21	Crackshot Ring	A ring that is rumored to be worn by William Tell, the legendary archer.
22	Mage Ring	A ring usually worn by Mages. You'd have the complete set if you had the Mage Earring and Mage Necklace.
23	Gorgeous Ring	A ring that is beautifully engraved and attracts people.
24	Dazzling Ring	A ring shining with a mysterious light that attracts people.
25	Dark Ring	A ring made out of materials stored in a dark place longer than 100 days. It's good at warding off evil.
26	Cure Ring	A ring shining with a mysterious light that heals the wounded.
27	Sage Ring	A ring that is rumored to be worn by sages. It's better than the Mage Ring.
28	Deadshot Ring	A ring that is rumored to be worn by Robin Hood, the legendary archer.
29	Sunset Ring	A ring that shines with red light just like a sunset. Those who see it feel a sense of romantic loss.
30	Full Moon Ring	Rumored to be crafted under a full moon, this ring shines with a suspicious light.
31	Warrior Ring	A ring specially crafted by the Arumics that improves one's combat prowess.
81	Shining Necklace	A beautiful necklace that sparkles with light.
82	Light Necklace	A necklace that is so light, you might forget that you're wearing it.
83	Textual Necklace	A necklace with characters written on it. It's textually stimulating.
84	Fine Necklace	Made from an incredibly thin thread, you've got to handle this necklace carefully lest you accidentally break it.
85	Pierced Necklace	A necklace with a hole in it, aside from the one you put your head through.
86	Glass Necklace	A fragile glass necklace that looks like it could break at any time. Handle with tender, loving care.
87	Smooth Necklace	A silky smooth necklace for silky smooth people.
88	Pointed Necklace	A necklace with a tapered point that looks unsafe.
89	Solid Necklace	A necklace so tough, even smashing it with a stone wouldn't crack it.
90	Amulet Necklace	A grotesque looking necklace that is said to have some kind of effect when it is burned and its ashes are eaten…
91	Glamour Necklace	A necklace that lends an air of glamorous beauty.
92	Charming Necklace	This necklace's pretty craftsmanship is sure to lure the attraction of others.
93	Talisman Necklace	A necklace that offers protection from the forces of evil.
94	Recovery Necklace	A necklace that helps speed recovery from your wounds when worn.
95	Meditation Necklace	A necklace which raises one's will and emotional strength.
96	Evasion Necklace	A necklace that contains a power which helps you to evade enemy attacks.
97	Alluring Necklace	It is said that wearing this necklace makes one more alluring to the opposite sex.
98	Fascinating Necklace	A necklace that is enchanted to capture the fascination of those who see it.
99	Necklace of Magic	A necklace made from a magical stone that will protect you from evil.
100	Lizard Necklace	A necklace that is, in essence, a lizard's tail.
101	Mage Necklace	A necklace for Mages. If you had the Mage Ring and Mage Earrings, you'd have the complete set.
102	Lucky Necklace	Necklace that many warriors are said to wear to escape enemy attack.
103	Gorgeous Necklace	A showy necklace that commands attention.
104	Dazzling Necklace	A necklace that dazzles with a strange light.
105	Dark Necklace	A necklace made of materials placed in darkness for 100 days. Somehow, it offers protection from evil.
106	Cure Necklace	A necklace that glows with the light of healing.
107	Sage Necklace	A necklace for sages that is more effective than the Mage Necklace.
108	Shadow Necklace	A necklace that helps you to hide in the shadows.
109	Sunset Necklace	During the sunset, this necklace creates an illusion of two young lovers facing each other.
110	Full Moon Necklace	A necklace that was crafted under a full moon, and shines with a suspicious light.
151	Shining Earring	Beautiful earrings that glimmer with attractive light.
152	Light Earring	Earrings that are so light, you forget you're wearing them.
153	Textual Earring	Earrings with writing on them that's textually attractive.
154	Heavy Earring	Heavy earrings that might place a strain on weaker earlobes.
155	Pierced Earring	Earrings with holes in them.
156	Glass Earring	Fragile looking earrings that should be carefully handled.
157	Smooth Earring	Sleek, smooth earrings for sleek, smooth people.
158	Pointed Earring	Earrings that are tapered to sharp points.
159	Solid Earring	Earrings that won't break if you smash them up with rocks.
160	Amulet Earring	Strange looking earrings that are said to have some kind of effect when burned and the ashes are eaten…
161	Glamour Earring	Earrings that lend an aura of glamour to the wearer.
162	Charming Earring	Charmingly crafted earrings which bring delight to those who see them.
163	Talisman Earring	Earrings that offer protection from the forces of evil.
164	Recovery Earring	Earrings that help speed recovery from your wounds when worn.
165	Meditation Earring	Earrings which help raise one's will and emotional strength.
166	Critical Earring	When worn, these earrings raise the probability of inflicting critical attacks.
167	Alluring Earring	It is said that wearing these earrings makes one more alluring to the opposite sex.
168	Fascinating Earring	Enchanted earrings that capture the fascination of those who see them.
169	Earring of Magic	Earrings made from magical stone that will protect you from evil.
170	Lizard Earring	Earrings colored with the blood of lizards.
171	Mage Earring	Earrings usually worn by Mages. If you had the Mage Ring and Mage Necklace, you'd have the complete set.
172	Deadly Earring	Earrings that many warriors are said to wear to escape enemy attack.
173	Gorgeous Earring	Showy earrings that command attention.
174	Dazzling Earring	Earrings that dazzle with a strange light.
175	Dark Earring	Earrings made of materials placed in darkness for 100 days. Somehow, they offer protection from evil.
176	Cure Earring	Earrings that glow with the light of healing.
177	Sage Earring	Earrings for sages that are more effective that Mage Earrings.
178	Assassin Earring	Earrings worn by assassins to help them quickly slay their victims.
179	Noble Lady's Earring	Earrings that carry an air of refinement and elegance.
180	Angel Earring	Wearing these earrings is said to raise one's heroic glamour.
181	Holy Earring	Sacred earrings that were created using holy water.
182	Tranquil Earring	Earrings that bring a sense of peace and tranquility to the wearer.
183	Silence Earring	Earrings that bring silence around its wearer's surroundings.
184	One-Shot Earring	Earrings created by a bowman who lived by the battle cry, 'one shot, one kill.'
185	Twinkling	Earrings created to make someone fall in love with you just by looking at them.
186	Siren's Song	Earrings in which the siren's song of temptation has been sealed.
187	Silver Earring	Earrings constructed from silver crystal that has been purified for 1,000 days.
188	Holy Spirit's Earring	Earrings constructed of blessed stone.
189	Saint's Earring	Earrings made with saintly power which bring stability to a troubled soul.
190	Death Blow	Earrings enchanted with the curse of death. It's said that the breath of the dead rests on these earrings.
201	Ring of River	A ring that is endowed with the power of a flowing river.
202	Ring of Gale	A ring that is imbued with the power of a gale.
203	Ring of Stone	A ring that resonates with stones and rocks.
204	Ring of Flame	A ring that contains the power of flame.
205	Ring of the Sea	A ring that resonates with the waters of the sea.
206	Ring of Typhoon	A ring that is enchanted with the power of a typhoon.
207	Ring of Cliff	A ring that resonates with steep, rocky cliffs.
208	Ring of Lava	A ring that possesses the power of lava.
209	Arua Ring	A ring that has been blessed by the goddess Arua.
211	Necklace of River	A necklace that is endowed with the power of a flowing river.
212	Necklace of Gale	A necklace that is imbued with the power of a gale.
213	Necklace of Stone	A necklace that resonates with stones and rocks.
214	Necklace of Flame	A necklace that contains the power of flame.
215	Necklace of the Sea	A necklace that resonates with the waters of the sea.
216	Necklace of Typhoon	A necklace that is enchanted with the power of a typhoon.
217	Necklace of Cliff	A necklace that resonates with steep, rocky cliffs.
218	Necklace of Lava	A necklace that possesses the power of lava.
219	Arua Necklace	A necklace that has been blessed by the goddess Arua.
221	Earring of River	Earrings that are endowed with the power of a flowing river.
222	Earring of Gale	Earrings that are imbued with the power of a gale.
223	Earring of Stone	Earrings that resonate with stones and rocks.
224	Earring of Flame	Earrings that contain the power of flame.
225	Earring of the Sea	Earrings that resonate with the waters of the sea.
226	Earring of Typhoon	Earrings that are enchanted with the power of a typhoon.
227	Earring of Cliff	Earrings that resonate with steep, rocky cliffs.
228	Earring of Lava	Earrings that possess the power of lava.
229	Arua Earring	Earrings that have been blessed by the goddess Arua.
251	Socket Ring	There's a socket in this ring where you can insert a Gem.
252	Advanced Socket Ring	An advanced ring with a socket in which you can insert a Gem.
261	Socket Necklace	There's a socket in this necklace where you can insert a Gem.
262	Advanced Socket Necklace	An advanced necklace with a socket in which you can insert a Gem.
271	Socket Earring	There's a socket in these earrings where you can insert a Gem.
272	Advanced Socket Earring	An advanced earring with a socket in which you can insert a Gem.
281	Cornell's Necklace	A gift from Cornell. (Quest Reward)
282	Lena's Earring	A gift from Lena. (Quest Reward)
283	Keenu's Ring	A gift from Keenu. (Quest Reward)
284	Full Moon Necklace	A necklace that was crafted under a full moon, and shines with a suspicious light. (Quest Reward)
285	Silence Earring	Earrings that brings silence to its wearer's surroundings. (Quest Reward)
301	Battle Knuckle Ring	A ring of power that you can purchase with Clan Points.
302	Battle Necklace	A necklace of power that you can purchase with Clan Points.
303	Battle Earring	An earring of power that you can purchase with Clan Points.
304	Portable Finder Ring	A ring of dexterity that you can purchase with Clan Points.
305	Portable Neck Mask	A necklace of dexterity that you can purchase with Clan Points.
306	Portable Antenna Earring	An earring of dexterity that you can purchase with Clan Points.
307	Nature Ring	A ring of intelligence that you can purchase with Clan Points.
308	Nature Necklace	A necklace of intelligence that you can purchase with Clan Points.
309	Nature Earring	An earring of intelligence that you can purchase with Clan Points.
310	Luxury Ruby Ring	A ring of concentration that you can purchase with Clan Points.
311	Luxury Ruby Necklace	A necklace of concentration that you can purchase with Clan Points.
312	Luxury Ruby Earring	An earring of concentration that you can purchase with Clan Points.
313	Combat Knuckle Ring	A ring of power and concentration that you can purchase with Clan Points.
314	Combat Necklace	A necklace of power and concentration that you can purchase with Clan Points.
315	Combat Earring	An earring of power and concentration that you can purchase with Clan Points.
316	Portable Detector Ring	A ring of dexterity and concentration that you can purchase with Clan Points.
317	Portable Sensor Mask	A necklace of dexterity and concentration that you can purchase with Clan Points.
318	Portable Radar Earring	An earring of dexterity and concentration that you can purchase with Clan Points.
319	Nature Force Ring	A ring of intelligence and power that you can purchase with Clan Points.
320	Nature Force Necklace	A necklace of of intelligence and power that you can purchase with Clan Points.
321	Nature Force Earring	An earring of intelligence and power that you can purchase with Clan Points.
322	Luxury Diamond Ring	A ring of concentration and power that you can purchase with Clan Points.
323	Luxury Diamond Necklace	A necklace of concentration and power that you can purchase with Clan Points.
324	Luxury Diamond Earring	An earring of concentration and power that you can purchase with Clan Points.
